Correct notes on BQ constraint definition and enforcement. (#4679)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/constraints.md

<div warehouse="BigQuery">

> BigQuery allows defining and enforcing `not null` constraints, and defining (but _not_ enforcing) `primary key` and `foreign key` constraints (which may be used for query optimization). BigQuery does not support defining or enforcing other constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigQuery allows defining and enforcing `not null` constraints, and defining (but _not_ enforcing) `primary key` and `foreign key` constraints (which can be used for query optimization). BigQuery does not support defining or enforcing other constraints. For more information, refer to [Platform constraint support](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts#platform-constraint-support)
```
